Single-sign on: general and SAML documentation (#884)
memgraph/documentation: pages/database-management/authentication-and-authorization/auth-system-integrations.mdx

Author: NB to reviewers: A large part of this diff consists of moving the existing OIDC docs (#876) into the newly created SSO section that groups together SAML and OIDC docs

# Auth system integrations (Enterprise)

> Memgraph supports authentication and authorization using **external auth
> modules**. There’s built-in support for basic (username + password) auth via
> LDAP, and single-sign on over the SAML and OIDC protocols.
> 
> When a user is connecting, Memgraph will forward the user’s supplied
> credentials (username + password, or scheme and auth response) to the external
> auth module and retrieve its verdict. Based on that, Memgraph will let the user
> connect, or in case of failure, close the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memgraph supports authentication and authorization using external auth modules. It includes built-in support for basic (username and password) authentication via LDAP, as well as single sign-on over the SAML and OIDC protocols.

When a user connects, Memgraph forwards the supplied credentials (username and password, or scheme and auth response) to the external auth module and retrieves its verdict. Based on this verdict, Memgraph will either allow the user to connect or, in case of failure, close the connection.
```

Author: Applied (except the tense changes in `When a user connects` because they imply connection goes through before SSO)

As this is an Enterprise feature, once the Memgraph Enterprise license expires,
newly created users will be granted all privileges. The existing users'
privileges will still apply but you won't be able to manage them.

## Configuration

### Roles

> User roles must be defined in Memgraph before using auth modules. This is
> because auth modules return the role associated with the user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User roles must be defined in Memgraph before using auth modules because these modules return the role associated with the user.
```

### Flags

Use the following configuration flags to configure the external auth module
authentication and authorization mechanisms used by Memgraph.

 Flag                               | Description
------------------------------------|------------
 `--auth-module-mappings`           | Associates auth schemes to external modules. A mapping is structured as follows: `<scheme>:<absolute path to module>` and individual entries are separated with `;`. If the mapping contains whitespace, enclose the flag value with quotation marks.

>  `--auth-module-executable`         | [DEPRECATED] Path to the executable that should be used for user authentication/authorization. Superseded by `--auth-module-mappings=basic` from Memgraph 2.18.

Reviewer: It should also be marked as deprecated in https://memgraph.com/docs/database-management/configuration#auth-module

Reviewer: Change `Superseded by` to `Replaced by`.

Author: Done

 Flag                               | Description
------------------------------------|------------
 `--auth-module-mappings`           | Associates auth schemes to external modules. A mapping is structured as follows: `<scheme>:<absolute path to module>` and individual entries are separated with `;`. If the mapping contains whitespace, enclose the flag value with quotation marks.
 `--auth-module-executable`         | [DEPRECATED] Path to the executable that should be used for user authentication/authorization. Replaced by `--auth-module-mappings=basic` from Memgraph 2.18.
 `--auth-module-timeout-ms`         | Specifies the maximum time that Memgraph will wait for a response from the external auth module.
 `--auth-password-permit-null`      | Can be set to false to disable null passwords.
 `--auth-password-strength-regex`   | The regular expression that should be used to match the entire entered password to ensure its strength.

Auth schemes supported by Memgraph out-of-the-box have default module paths. To
enable them, you don’t need to specify the auth module path, e.g.
`--auth-module-mappings=basic;saml-entra-id;oidc-okta`. This applies to the

> following schemes:

Reviewer 2: This is hard to understand. The example is given in the negative sense ("you don't need to...") which is confusing to the reader. Tell the reader what to do to be successful.

Author: Thanks, applied

   terminated by a `\n`.
 - Each auth response must be sent as a JSON encoded object in a single line
   that is terminated by a `\n`.
 - Auth requests are objects that contain the following fields:
   - `basic` auth scheme:
    - `username` - the user's username
    - `password` - the user's password
   - other auth schemes:

>     - `scheme` - the string containing the scheme

Reviewer 2: Don't use a term to define itself

assert module.authenticate("CHUCK", "NORRIS") == {"authenticated": True, "role": "admin"}
```

## Single sign-on

Single sign-on (SSO) lets you use an external ID to log in to Memgraph from
[Lab](data-visualization/user-manual/single-sign-on).

The built-in SSO modules let you customize which data from the identity service
supplies the username and password. Username configuration is service- and
protocol-specific, whereas role configuration works universally via remapping.

> The `MEMGRAPH_SSO_{provider}_{protocol}_ROLE_MAPPING` flags define the mapping

Reviewer 2: Don't use a term ("mapping") to define itself
